Initial descriptiom:

The game should be a linear RPG
    -The gameplay consists exclusively of a generous handful of fights
        No tech trees, no exploration, etc.
    -There's three classes the player can pick from, that have RPG-maker / early FF / monmusu quest style combat.
        Character progression is linear. The puzzle is to figure out how to use existing tools.
    
    The three classes are: engineer, beast, psion
        Engineer's critical resource is his gear. It performs decently, but you can overcharge it for a great effect, losing it for the rest of the fight
        Beast's critical resource is his health. They have superhuman powers that cost health and, if managed properly, heal them through violence
        Psion's critical resource is their focus. It's used for fantastic spells, but you'll struggle to have enough. Replenishes actively and passively.



Before anything else tho, let's figure out basic functionality:
    Displaying images on canvas
    UI
    Controls
    Combat
    Saving results of each battle




Fluff:

The world:
A dark fantasy setting, where humans fight various hostile creatures for survival.

The faith: The dominant religion of the area is centered around the celestial bodies.
    Moon - dominant deity that shines brighter when favour is high.
    Sun - deity of justice, death, and purging monsters.
    The constellations - the rest of the pantheon.

The engineer: What is freedom?
A smart craftsman who's made themselves a set of power armour. They wish to become a knight, but aren't a noble and have therefore been rejected. Dissatisfied at the decaying upper class that don't live up to the ideals they claim to hold, the engineer sets out to show them how it's done. To them, the [mcguffin] looks like a star-themed sword.

The psion: Power corrupts
A talented magic user that fights with their mind alone. Partially released from restraints imposed upon them out of fear, they flee civilisation to master the new heights of their power, shatter the rest of their chains and learn about the consequences of there being a god-king. To them, the [mcguffin] looks like a broken collar.

The beast: Unsightly nature
A person who's been struck by a violent mutation, becoming an outcast. Whatever the cause, they now seek a way to return to their normal life. To them, the [mcguffin] looks like a simple human idol.

The fights:

Engineer - psion, then beast  ("do you think they would accept me as a knight?")
Psion - beast, then engineer  (slaughtering the knight as a dark sorcerer of old)
Beast - engineer, then psion  ("Why do you try to fit in?")